#AxFastLog ##version 0.1.0##README in progress!##DescriptionAxFastLog is a C++ library developed to enable logging to the console, files, or TCP sockets for C++ applications on *nix.AxFastLog utilizes Folly's lockfree SPSC queue and the Boost threading library.  A separate consumer thread is spawned by the library to handle file/socket I/O; users' applications can log messages with improved performance relative to cout/printf and similar.AxFastLog was developed during a summer internship @ [Axiom Markets, LLC](http://axiommarkets.com).##Licensing// -- LICENSING -- // -- Included TCPClient, Folly SPSC Queue, cycles counter -- //The Folly project's SPSC Queue is used in the project under an [Apache 2.0 license](http://www.apache.org/licenses/license-2.0).##CompilingAxFastLog must be linked with the Boost system, threading, and chrono libraries version 1.53.0, as well as some Boost header libraries.  The tests require the Boost unit testing framework, as well - see the **Testing** section below.The makefile will output **libax\_fast_log.so** in the **lib/** folder.  Please include **AxFastLog.hpp** for required definitions.All other dependencies are included in the project.##Code - logging to stdout:		AxFastLog consoleAx(LogEnums::CNSL);	std::string msg = "like tears in the rain";	consoleAx.log(msg,LogEnums::INFO);##Code - logging to file:	std:: string filepath = "./gibson.txt";	try {		AxFastLog fileAx(LogEnums::FILE, filepath);	} catch (std::exception& e) {		std::cerr << e.what() << std::endl;		//abort here - fileAx could not open path for writing	}		std::string msg = "logic unfolding across that colorless void";		try {	fileAx.log(msg,LogEnums::INFO);	} catch (std::exception& e) {		std::cerr << e.what() << std::endl();		//ofstream used by AxFastLog is in an error state	}	##TestingThe **test.sh** script in the project's root directory should first build the library and output **libax\_fast_log.so** in the **lib/** folder.  Also, that script will compile the tests in the **test/** folder and link them to the library for testing.  The Boost unit testing framework is required to build the test binary. ##Release Notes* Tests are still in development; coverage is good, but the tests we have are unsophisticated and handle only basic usage.+ The **perf/** folder contains a simple performance test relative to printf/cout.  It can be built and run using the **perf.sh** script.  The socket performance measurements may not be correct - currently, there is an error in that portion of the test.  The socket is being closed prior to the end of writing.  See the performance test output for details.- The message queue capacity for the library can be set by modifying the **DEFAULT\_QUEUE\_SZ** macro in **AxFastLog.hpp** - the default capacity is 200 messages.  